Sudha Kokala
Front End/UI Developer at Controlco
San Francisco Bay Area
Seeking a position as a Front End Engineer in a challenging environment where my education and 2 years of Application Development can be utilized. I am a dedicated and innovative individual, and am certain that I will prove an immediate asset any company where technical competence and perseverance are in demand

•	Over 2 years of Experience in Application Development Projects.
•	Experience with unit testing, functional testing, and automation
•	Excellent debugging and problem solving skills.
•	Excellent verbal and written communication skills..
•	Experience with continuous integration, development and testing using Jenkins.
•	Good understanding of server side technologies like JSP, PHP, Java J2EE Servlets.
•	Good understanding of client side web technologies like Java Script, HTML, CSS and AJAX.
•	Client-side MVC Frameworks and templating engines like AngularJS, Bootstrap JS, RaptorJS.
•	Created and designed websites for high end clients using PHP, JavaScript, HTML and CSS.
•	Experience using RESTful APIs to build functioning UIs
•	Used Highcharts for Data Visualization.
•	Worked closely with engineering team to integrate front end 
•	Worked on IDEs: Eclipse, Net Beans and Xcode.
•	Have experience working in databases: MySQL and Oracle.
•	Worked on Cloud technologies: Google App Engine.
•	Worked on web servers: Glassfish and Apache.

Specialties
Java,JSP, Servlets, HTML, Java Script, AJAX, AngularJS, jQuery, CSS, SQL, Oracle, My SQL, Android, iOS, PHP, Apache, Glassfish Server

Front End/UI Developer
Controlco

Software Engineer (UI Developer)
eBay Inc

Graduate Student
California State University, East Bay
View
View
View
View
View
View
See more
Create and design responsive web layouts for energy management applications for commercial 
buildings such as building power, HVAC, air and alarms. 

Designed and implemented a reporting tool with drag and drop features using HTML5 and 
highcharts.

Coordinated with UX engineers and back-end developers to develop highly responsive and 
optimized applications for mobile devices.

Used BackboneJS, Handlebars, RequireJS, Grunt and UnderscoreJS extensively to develop web 
interfaces for ControlCo's industrial automation products.

Developed a mobile website for a gun range company. This mobile site was optimized for iPad 
and it can be used to control various units at their gun range store.

Design, develop and maintain ControlCo website.

Used Netsuite to design and develop ControlCo's product purchasing web store.

Resolve complex technical issues (bugs) and drive innovation that improves user engagement 
and performance.

Maintain, standardize and refactor existing products, API's and web-based sites.
Worked with eBay Inc. sellers team project www.ebayinsights.com 
eBay Insights is an e-commerce analytics app that allows merchants to analyze and optimize their inventory’s performance and identify new business opportunities.

Used data visualization framework HighCharts for displaying charts that analyze inventory and 
identify new opportunities.

Front End was implemented in MVC design pattern using AngularJS framework, 
BootstrapJS, JQuery animations.

Created account pages from scratch using HTML5, CSS3, JS, jQuery and jQuery UI where 
the end users can create, delete or update their account information.

Performed extensive manual unit testing (end-to-end) and preparing detailed unit test cases as 
part of it.

Followed Agile/SCRUM methodology to meet the goals in a timely manner.

Used Jenkins for continuous integration, testing and deployment.

Integrated API calls for various modules of the application using open AJAX calls and handled 
the JSON response objects received and to render the UI.
Currently pursuing MS in Computer Networks. Focusing on Application Development, Network Security, Application Testing, Network Administration
