Mona Bayoumy
Project Manager at Robert Half Management Resources
Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
Human Resources Specialties: 
Business Management and Strategy, Workforce Planning and Employment, Human Resources Development, Compensation and Benefits, Employee and Labor Relations, and Risk Management. Project Management, HRIS System Conversion/Implementation (U.S. and International), Recruiting, Policy & Procedure Implementation & Quality Improvement, EEO/AAP Reporting, VET100 Reporting, Training Program Development & Administration, and Payroll Management.

Languages:
XML, JavaScript, HTML, CSV, and SQL.

Softwares: 
MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook, MS Access, MS Publisher, MS Project, MS InfoPath, MS Works, and MS OneNote. 

Remote Support Softwares:
Bomgar, WebEx Communications, Windows Lync, and GoToMeeting.

Systems:
Windows 64-bit, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 8, and iOS.

HR and Payroll Softwares:
ADP Pro Business, ADP PayeXpert, ADP iPay, ADP ezLaborManager, ADP HR Perspective, ADP Reportsmith, ADP Reportwriter, ADP Workforce Now v5.1, Ceridian HR/Payroll Web, Ceridian HR/Payroll Latitude, Ceridian Recruiting Solutions, Kronos, Infor/Lawson v9.0, PeopleSoft v8.9, Safe Guard World International, SuccessFactors, and Ultimate Software (Ultipro).

Other Softwares:
Concur Travel & Expense and Windows SharePoint.
HR Manager |Project Manager| available for positions
Airline | Banking | Finance | Healthcare | Retail | Technology | Travel & Hospitality |

Project Manager/Sr. Business Analyst
Robert Half Management Resources

HRIS Systems Specialist
Robert Half Management Resources

Payroll Manager
Robert Half Management Resources

HR and Training Consultant
SPIRE Federal Credit Union
Human Resources | Payroll Manager | HRIS Implementation | Project Management | Training Program |
Dell Compellent (Formerly Compellent Technology)

Tracy Braun PHR SHRM CP
View

Sr. HR Generalist | HRIS & Payroll Implementation | Benefits | Policy & Procedures | Compliance
BioScrip

Annette Immella
View

Randi Abramowitz
View
5 more recommendations
Sr. HR Generalist/Payroll | Benefits | Training | Recruiting | EE Relations | Compliance |
GMAC ResCap
HR Manager | Recruiting | Benefits | Payroll | Training | Policy & Procedures | EE Rewards
Airbase Services, Inc.
HR Assistant | Benefits | Training | Payroll | EE Relations | Recruiting | HRIS | Payroll
Metro Dentalcare

Jo Millar
View
I am seeking an HR/Project Management position where I have 15 years of general human resources experience working in a variety of industries including; airline, banking, finance, healthcare, travel & hospitality, retail, and technology. Strong background and expertise with benefits, compliance, employee relations, training, payroll system development, HRIS/Payroll implementation, and program administration. Perceptive leader and motivator with excellent time and project management skills, along with consistent track record of improving enterprise-wide efficiencies and reducing redundant operating expenses. Known as hands-on person who learns quickly, adapting to change readily.
Project Planning: define the scope of the project in collaboration with senior management, create a detailed work plan which identifies and sequences the activities needed to successfully complete the project, determine the resources (time, equipment) required to complete the project, develop a schedule for project completion that effectively allocates the resources to the activities, determine the objectives and measures upon which the project will be evaluated at its completion. Staff the project: in consultation with the program director, interview and select contract qualified consultants to work on the project with appropriate skills for the project activities, manage project staff, ensure that all project personnel receive an appropriate orientation to the organization and the project.
Implement the project: execute the project according to the project plan, develop forms and records to document project activities, set up electronic files to ensure that all project information is appropriately documented and secured, monitor the progress of the project and make adjustments as necessary to ensure the successful completion of the project, establish a communication schedule to update stakeholders including appropriate staff in the organization on the progress of the project, review the quality of the work completed with the project team on a regular basis to ensure that it meets the project standards and deadlines.
Evaluate the project: ensured the project deliverables are on time and at the required level of quality, and evaluate the outcomes of the project as established during the planning phase.
Managed the implementation of the recruiting and review process using ADP Workforce Now V5. Successfully launched both modules while taking on additional tasks and meeting the clients deadline. 

- ADP Workforce Now V5 
- Recruiting Process 
- Review Process
- Training manuals and materials
- Training PPTs
- Other projects
• Responsible for all payroll functions including concepts, practices, and procedures.
• Project Manager for UltiPro HRIS implementation/conversion system clean-up.
• Oversaw payroll processes and procedures including taxes and finance requests regarding payroll payments.
• Proposed short-term and long-term strategies for continuous improvement in payroll and human resources operations.
• Developed best practices for payroll training materials and checklists.
• Led and directed the work of new and existing employees who were training on payroll processes and procedures.
• Involved in the SOX project working with finance and auditors.
• Benefits funding of 401k and HSA.
• Overall day-to-day operations including employee/manager questions, entries into the HRIS system, verification of employment, leaves of absences, manning the payroll mailbox, wage attachments and payroll taxes.
• Lead and direct the work of two training employees.
• Design, plan, and implement corporate training programs, policies and procedures, and suggest enhancements to existing training programs.
• Project Manager of the training material and development for new products. Achieved target deadline within three weeks: manuals, PowerPoint’s, and eLearning. 
• Streamline training requests by creating an online training ticket and training department mailbox. 
• HRIS implementation from Ceridian HPW to UltiPro Payroll, provide input and best practices to HRIS Implementation Specialist.	
• Benefits Administration, provide input and best practices to Payroll and Benefits Administrator. Assist with payroll audits to ensure payroll is processed on time.
• Developed process documentation for 401k and cobra vendor check process as well as documentation for Joomla and Episys procedures.
• Review and recommend training for Supervisors, Managers, Directors, and Training employees.
• Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity and Vets 100 reporting.
• Recruiting, screening, background and reference checks, offer letters, and scheduling interviews.
• State of Virginia taxation for SUI and electronic access and working with Ceridian tax representative to ensure amendments are accurate. 
• Unemployment insurance for Minnesota established online account management.
• Process verification of employment requests.
• Revised and updated job abandonment handbook policy.
• Review of bills and update Accounting/GL spreadsheet.
 Conceptualized/implemented Human Resources and Payroll protocols, integrated process verification, time management, policies and procedures, and assured multi-departmental processing consistency/efficiency.
 Developed/introduced computerized human resources administration forms that automated and streamlined new hire, employee-change order, and termination processes, and optimized HR personnel documentation efficiency and integrity, and deployed an HR support mailbox end-user service option.	
 Participated with new hire orientation, and employment verification processes, streamlined, automated, and administered 401K and Stock Option programs, reduced labor demand, and improved personnel informational access.
 Coordinated internal and external payroll, 401K, and Human Resources audits, and consistently achieved high audit ratings and results.
 Communicated with third-party vendors and facilitated accurate wage reporting processes.
 Appointed as team lead, oversaw U.S. ADP to UltiPro System Conversion project, eliminated system redundancies and rework, and achieved system launch within targeted 90-day timeframe.
 Concurrently championed, sourced, and selected high-profile SafeGuardWorld International payroll vendor, and introduced a payroll-processing methodology to accommodate newly on boarded international personnel.
 Managed payroll operations, processing bi-weekly, semi-monthly, and monthly payroll for 500+ multi-state and 30+ international personnel in Canada, France, Germany, Italy, The Netherlands, and United Kingdom, and assured payroll processing accuracy and timeliness.
 Served as Finance Department liaison and troubleshot/resolved general ledger and account reconciliation issues.
 Provided/administered onsite, WebEx online, and one-on-one training programs for directors, managers, and general personnel, modeled UltiPro Payroll System and payroll processing procedures, and increased end-user competency and productivity.
 Managed ADP to Ceridian System Conversion project and achieved targeted quality performance and schedule objectives. 
 Administered 401K, wage withholding, and garnishments processes and assured compliance with state and federal regulatory requirements.
 Audited Human Resources employment documentation processes, and achieved/sustained data processing and system integration accuracy and integrity.	
 Reviewed and processed federal, state, and local tax reports, updated multi-state tax rates, and maintained reporting accuracy and timeliness.	
 Trained, mentored, and technically supported Payroll Department personnel, created payroll process and procedural training manual and improved team productivity/efficiency.
 Served as acting manager, trained payroll managers, and processed bi-weekly and weekly payroll that supported 1000+ personnel in 38 multi-state locations. 
 Provided/administered onsite, WebEx online, and one-on-one training programs for directors, managers, and general personnel, modeled Ceridian HR/payroll processing procedures, and increased end-user competency and productivity.
 Involved with periodic internal and external Human Resources and Payroll audits. 
 Uploaded/imported general ledger reports to Lawson Software System, reconciled payroll accounts, and verified journal entries.
	Administered and documented STD, FMLA, LTD, WC, and Military Leave benefit in HR/Payroll systems.
	Processed open enrollment benefits, garnishments, 401K and 401K loans, and deductions.
	Served as manager and employee liaison, payroll and HR employee relation issues, and averted escalated service call requests.
 Worked with managers to fill open positions, reference checks, screening, and interviewing. Organized employee new hire orientation, development and training.
 Led continuous improvement initiatives, streamlined check distribution, tax cash gift management, and training procedures and processes, improved team productivity and efficiency, and optimized labor utilization.
 Ensured legal compliance for HR practices that meets state and federal laws.
 Involved with employee termination process and conducted exit interviews.
 Reviewed Payroll Department audit reports, identified/resolved benefit, deduction, and employee tax discrepancies, and optimized reporting accuracy and integrity for internal and external audits.
 Processed in-house, bi-weekly, multi-state, multi-company payroll and administered timely and accurate payroll services to 8000+ personnel.	
 Utilized PeopleSoft application, input/data processed real-time and exception pay requests, commission, bonus, voluntary/involuntary employee deductions, and established/maintained draws and recurring payment schedules.
 Managed front desk personnel, assisted operations manager with supervising 40-person warehouse team, and assured quality repair and service delivery to major airline carrier accounts.
 Developed/implemented office administration policies and procedures, streamlined documentation management, building maintenance, and billing processes, and maximized operational efficiency.
 Conducted performance reviews, recommended performance improvement plans, and positioned qualified personnel for intracompany advancement.
 Created team-centered work environment, developed/implemented Employee Rewards Program, and improved employee satisfaction and retention levels.
 Conducted on-site safety audits, identified/addressed areas of risk, assured HR, OSHA, and FMLA compliance, and mitigated organizational risk and liability.
 Directed/coordinated personnel recruiting processes, trained and briefed personnel on HR policies and procedures, and optimized onboarding efficiency and new hire competency. 
 Identified/recommended cost-reduction opportunities to senior managers, restructured enterprise-wide order-fulfillment process, and substantially reduced labor costs.
 Administered benefits, 401K, Medica, STD, LTD, FMLA, and Flexible Spending Plans, and optimized Human Resources support service availability.
 Coached managers on organizational policies/procedures, and assured payroll/FMLA compliance.
 Identified and led strategic continuous improvement initiatives, trained managers and personnel on advanced technology processes and procedures, and improved organization-wide productivity/efficiency.
 Assisted and coached managers with investigating employee relations issues, recommended strategic action plans, and minimized organizational risk and liability.
 Recruit, post internal and external job openings, create job offers, screen, interview and conduct 
 Managed bi-weekly and semi-monthly payroll, change notice, and human resources processes to accommodate senior managers, doctors, and 500+ personnel in 24 clinic locations.
 Collaboratively upgraded/maintained TimeForce System, and increased employee reporting accuracy.	
 Investigated payroll invoices, identified billing discrepancies, and saved $12,000 in billing costs.	
 Created employee personnel files and handled employee recordkeeping.
