Melissa Cypher
HRIS & Payroll Management Professional, Senior Payroll Consultant, Payroll Tax Professional
Greater Pittsburgh Area
Professional Experience consisting of:
HRIS and Timekeeping implementation with ADP Workforce Now and Ultimate HRIS. Payroll Processing, Data Integrity reporting, Tax Reporting, Project Management - SAP HR/Payroll Module.

7 years in management roles, directly developing team members, providing coaching and mentoring, and supervising day-to-day activities as well as strategic planning of future team development and growth.
Work with various HR and Payroll systems, building query reports utilizing reporting tools such as ADP Reportsmith, Crystal, Cognos Impromptu, ADP Workforce Now and SAP HR.

Goals: To utilize my experience in management, strategic planning, HRIS and Payroll systems, policies and procedure planning and development, process improvement, and teamwork to work with a growing organization, as well as continued development within my career field of Human Resources, Payroll, and HRIS.

Sr. Consultant - Payroll Tax & HRIS
Carnegie Mellon University

Sr. Payroll Analyst - Consultant
Computer Task Group

Payroll Analyst Consultant
Willory- Payroll & HR Solutions
Human Resources / Finance Consultant
NoWait, Inc.

Part-time Payroll Assistant
CTR Systems

HRIS and Payroll Manager
Liberty Tire Recycling
View
View

Payroll Manager
Eat'n Park Hospitality Group
View

Payroll Supervisor, Online Division
EDMC

Laurie Wright
View

John Oliverio, SPHR
View

Payroll Analyst
Michael Baker Corporation

Payroll Analyst
American Eagle Outfitters
Payroll Administrator/Coordinator
Marconi Communications
Benefits/Human Resources Administrator (ADP
Marconi Communications (Adecco)
Assisting a non-profit university with their payroll operations, payroll tax outsourcing, and implementation to Workday HRIS scheduled for go-live 2015.
Working as consultant with SAP Payroll/HR processing, data verification, query building, and project management and assistance.
Also, asked to look at processes and make suggestions to improve efficiency to the department.
Process payroll and assist HR manager in payroll transition.
Helped start up with back office goals and efficiencies, streamlining HR, Billing, and office operations. Processed payroll, processed billing payments and organized files and documents for better efficiency. Worked along with president to put processes in place in those areas as well as assist in determining goals for the future.
Worked in Operations group providing support to various roles as well as working with the VP of Operations on project assistance.
Manage and oversee the day-to-day operations of the payroll department, provide assistance to the CFO and COO, and supervise 2 associates. Also working closely on HRIS upgrade and Time & Attendance Implementation projects.
JD Edwards and Ultimate software)
Supervise and manage 3 Payroll Specialists, and 1-2 Payroll Assistants (temps) for company payroll processing of 9,000 employees between the three divisions and over 200 sites.
Facilitate project assistance for special tax clean-up project, oversee progress and resolution. Design processes for future reconciliation to system data.
Design forms for payroll to keep information consistent with current regulations and record-keeping requirements. Document procedures within department and HR for future reference.
Develop policy regarding manual checks to streamline processing and minimize issuing of off-cycle checks without proper backup. Discussed new policy with Finance and internal auditors to show internal controls are being developed within the Payroll Department to minimize risk.
Work with various vendors to determine best solution for payroll outsourcing of paystubs, paycards, tax filing and processing. Reviewed process to outsource payroll positive pay and direct deposits to ADP Total Pay, which calculated an annual savings of $40,000 to the company.
Working with agencies on various outstanding local, state, and Federal tax issues from prior years, saving over $30,000 in penalties and interest that would have been charged to the company. 
In conjunction with HRIS team, coordinate implementation of Ultimate payroll software converstion from JD Edwards AS400 system. Review reports, schedule training sessions of team members, and work with the system to better understand its capabilities and discuss improvements or changes that may also need made so payroll can process without error. 
Active member in local and national chapter APA attending meetings quarterly, as well as taking national APA seminars to better understand payroll laws and regulations.
Lawson HRIS)
Provide leadership to direct reports, performance reviews, and daily coaching.
Supervise 2-3 Payroll Coordinators in processing and data entry.
Supervise the preparation of biweekly payroll information to Corporate office for final processing.
Creating and analyzing reports from Lawsons for management review.
Supervise and coordinate project assistance with group, work with management on ongoing projects.
Supervise and prepare pay entries for faculty, resolving pay issues for faculty as well as staff, oversee payroll for 800 staff plus 1500 faculty members.
Improved communications developing tools for use internally and externally. Implemented new termination procedure and checklist for managers, faculty pay schedule calendar to assist adjunct faculty knowing when they would be paid.
Audit paypacks and batch entry on a regular basis; review for errors and make notes and corrections as necessary.
Supervise payroll entry and completion by reviewing batch entries and sending payroll for transmission to ADP.
Creating and analyzing reports from Reportsmith for Accounting, Employee Audits, Taxes, etc.
Coordinate project assistance with group, work with outside management on ongoing projects.
Balance files for the General Ledger - receive files from ADP and balance to Payroll Register and Summary files - contact ADP with any variances..
Submit inquiries to different tax agencies for new account setup, closing accounts, filing quarterly and annual tax reports.
Develope and clean up processes and procedures for taxes and various company issues (created new tax forms, monitor tax rates with ADP, etc).
Coordinate and lead bi-weekly meeting with Field HR, Corporate HR and Texas Payroll team - discuss upcoming projects and issues.
System testing with upgrade to ADP PCPW 5.0 and documentation.
System testing and reporting for HRMS system change to Oracle Business Suite. Working with HR on testing and procedures before going live.
Reporting requests by management.
Create comprehensive policy and procedure manual for use by the group and for the disaster recovery plan.
Lawson, Cognos, AS400)
Supervised project assistance, balanced team entries, provided training on new systems.
Coordinated information and assisted Sarbanes and internal auditors for internal and external audit.
Worked with Multi-State and Local Tax authorities to create new accounts, inquire about tax details, close out tax tracer issues.
Built and analyzed reports comparing payroll data, tax data, time reporting, and other reports as needed utilizing Cognos Impromptu and Lawson's to pull the data from various databases.
Processed and analyzed payroll for 20,000+ employees, send positive pay, balance and review payroll files, in-house system - Lawson's Financial software. Used Cognos Reporting tool and Access/Excel to analyze data. (Did entire process from data entry to sending the check files to the printer and direct deposit files to the bank)
Worked with ADP on different tax-related issues each Quarter regarding tax filing.
Worked with team on current and Year-end projects - worked to meet deadlines with team. Assited others with duties to ensure timesly completion of tasks.
Put together incentives for savings to be used by store managers/employees - refined current processes within grouip - developed reports and tools to help provide better customer service to our Store Managers and District Managers.
Communicated with field and Store Operations (communications) to make sure there is a clear understanding of processes and procedures.
Responsible to train team on Cognos reporting, Access reporting, and other Payroll functions.
Key Contributions: Became expert in reporting and training team members, created communications to send to Field employees, created more efficient processes and procedures within department.
Processed payroll for multi-state paygroups in the company using ADP's CSS Hrizon software.
Researched and assisted HR with issues related to Ex-patriots and international transfers.
Provided customer service support to employees regarding payroll requests and inquiries.
Closed year-end payroll issues, implemented new time-reporting forms, educated employees on their pay details as well as other HR/Payroll related questions.
Built reports for various people using Reportsmith and HRIS database.
Completed training to gain further understanding in Payroll system, HR system, and Reportsmith.
Provided support to other Administrators when needed.
Key Contributions: Took ownership of Texas Payroll office - worked with management to bring data to Headquarters and became point person for that payroll. Worked with HR to ensure timely pay as well as correcting Ex-Patriot and In-Patriot tax issues.
Reportwriting in HRIS system for use in analyzing employee information, comparing information, or making corrections.
Managed and maintained employee files.
Processed paperwork of new employees into HRIS database - also provided assistance to employees with new forms and information.
Supported Human Resource Directors with various tasks and reports.
Developed processes for Data Administrators to follow for proper filing and reporting to retain consistency in the information entered.
Assisted Benefits Department with the Employee Orientation - explained benefits and new hire forms to new employees.
Assisted in COBRA processing and maintenance prior to automation.
Trained in ADP CSS Hrizon system. 
Key Contributions: Refined processes within HR Administration procedures, became key person for New hires.
