Melissa Silver
| Senior Corporate Recruiter | Talent Management | Staff Augmentation |
Greater Chicago Area
Over ten years of experience as a Professional Recruiter. Experience working with a diverse group of clients including creative, scientific, insurance, finance and accounting, pharma, biotech and IT. Direct and contract placements of professionals from sourcing and qualifying candidates to consultant orientation.

Senior Corporate Recruiter
Pyramid Consulting

Talent Agent/Recruiter
Vitamin T/Aquent

Senior Technical Recruiter
Synectics

Nicole Augoustatos
View

Marianne A Holmes
View
1 more recommendation
Senior Recruiter
Digital Staffing
Recruiter
Kelly Scientific Resources
Senior Recruiter - National Yield Team
CDI Professional Services
Recruiter
Buoy5 Inc.

David Willsey
View
Pyramid is a leading IT Solution Services company headquartered in metropolitan Atlanta, GA with prime emphasis on the following service offerings:

• Lifecycle IT Solutions
• Application Development & Support
• Outsourced Testing 
• Mobile Development and Test Automation
• Staff Augmentation 

The company was incorporated in the State of Georgia in 1996 and has since grown to over 1800 Information Technology consultants serving our clients at multiple locations around the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and India. In addition to Atlanta, Pyramid Consulting now has offices worldwide including Chicago, IL, Somerset, NJ, Charlotte, NC, Dallas, TX, Richmond, VA, and Bellevue, WA, London, England, Singapore, New Delhi, India and Hyderabad, India. Through our commitment to operating with the highest sense of urgency and providing the highest level of customer service, Pyramid will continue to expand in effort to grow our delivery capabilities to Global Fortune 500 clients.

Awards and Honors:

• NMSDC Regional Supplier of the Year 2012 (Class IV)
• Inc. 5000 Fastest Growing Private Company
• VMSDC Entrepreneur of the Year 2012 (Class IV)
• USPAACC Fast 50 Asian American Business Award 
• SIA Fastest-Growing Staffing Firms
• SIA Largest U.S. IT Staffing Firms
• SIA Top 50 Diversity Staffing Firms
• Pacesetter Award – 50 Fastest Growing Private Businesses in Atlanta
• Atlanta Business Chronicle Atlanta’s Top 100 Private Companies
Recruited passive candidates within the Digital Creative space. Specialized in Information Architects, User Interface, User Experience, Front End Development, Project Managers, Interactive and Design positions. Cultivate relationships with client hiring managers. Develop talent relationships through social media and networking events.
Execution of full-life-cycle recruiting in a time-sensitive environment, including sourcing, screening, qualifying, providing applicant feedback, acquiring applicant references, negotiating salary, and extending offers. Recruit qualified candidates for Fortune 100 and 500 Companies on a national level across various industries for contract and contract-to-hire opportunities. Locate potential candidates through Internet searches, internal databases, cold calling, job search engines, social networking websites, applicant tracking systems, referrals, and other methods and strategies.
Responsible for recruiting full-time and contract professionals qualified for specific profiles as requested by the client. Conduct phone screens, set-up phone and face-to-face interviews, negotiate and extend offers, close candidates on salary, and remain their point of contract through the start date. Interact daily with account managers and administrative staff in order to gather pertinent information. Network with candidates as well as business community members in order to create sales leads as well as candidate referrals. Utilize external recruiting sources such as Job Fairs, Referrals, Internet Resources (Monster, Dice, Headhunter, Computerjobs, Craigslist), advertising and professional organizations. Responsible for conducting initial interviews, scheduling technical interviews, preparing resumes and marketing candidates to account mangers.Coach and prepare candidates for technical, management, and client interviews. Act as an advocate on behalf of the candidate in salary and benefit negotiations. Complete reference checks, background checks, schedule drug testing and employment verification. Generate sales leads for account managers. Recruit for all levels stemming from college grads to directors.
Staffing responsibilities included job specification analysis, write and design recruitment advertising, screen job seekers, arrange all preliminary interviews, subsequent interviews with hiring managers, negotiate salary, and extend employment offers. Counseled management on employee issues including performance development, conflict resolution and disciplinary actions. Responsible for continually updating employee databases and maintaining accurate data. Recruited for a variety of entry, mid and senior level positions. Managed up to 15-20 orders per month with a targeted 85% fill ratio. Responsible for attracting new talent through various recruiting methods including, Internet, college recruiting, career fairs and referrals. Developed a recruiting plan and assisted in the budget allocation for the recruiting dollars in 2004. Handled HR related duties such as unemployment, payroll, benefits information, background checks, drug screens and reference verifications in order to increase efficiency of the hiring process. Generated 5-7 sales leads per week for account managers to target new business. Attended monthly employee and client visits to check the status of employees as well as cultivate new relationships within the organization.
Recruited professionals for the Clinical, Pharmaceutical, Financial and IT markets, for both contractual and permanent opportunities. Specifically recruited for clinical research associates, clinical data managers, SAS programmers, regulatory affairs, and quality assurance and upper level, management positions within clinical research. Recruited for full software life cycle developers, project managers, web developers, system administrator, mainframe programmers, and network administrators within information technology on a national level. Recruited for a wide variety of financial professionals, specifically financial analysts, cost accountants and project managers. Responsibilities for researching and qualifying these candidates included; internet/Boolean searches, cold calls, sourcing, technical screening, reference checks, employment verification and license validity.
Recruited for professionals in information technology, pharmaceutical and clinical. New business development required additional searches for information technology, clinical and pharmaceutical candidates. These new positions included requirements for both contractual positions and permanent opportunities. Responsibilities for finding and qualifying these candidates included; internet/Boolean searches, sourcing, technical screening, reference checks, employment verification and license validity. Continually exceeded targeted revenue goals.
