Mike Dierbeck
Corporate Recruiter
Greater Milwaukee Area
I'm Mike Dierbeck, and I'm currently a Full Cycle Corporate Recruiter following my previous roles at STS Technical Services as a Technical Recruiter and as Senior Talent Engagement Specialist at Pinstripe (now known as Cielo).

I have been in the recruiting field for roughly three years.

I began focusing exclusively on the sourcing aspect of recruiting, before putting a larger
emphasis on cold calling, scheduling the right candidate for the role, and carrying through the on boarding process.

My specialty, along with full cycle recruiting, is sourcing the right candidates, both
passive and active. This includes working with Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) such
as Taleo (roughly 2 years of vast experience), SAP, and the newly launched Success
Factors/My Recruit in which Comcast Corporate launched.

My level of sourcing is certified Advanced Sourcing, which includes deep Boolean searches/sourcing, X-ray Searching, Deep Web Searches, TI portal, plus many more and I can elaborate upon.

Let me find you the type of position which not only holds up to the high standard of
reliability and efficiency, but also one that is tailored to your strengths in the
manufacturing and engineering industry. Today, let's together find the best fit for a long,
successful partnership.

Corporate Recruiter
General Pet Supply

Corporate Recruiter
Time Warner Cable

Corporate Recruiter
Kohl's Department Stores

Technical Recruiter
STS Technical Services

Full Cycle Recruiter
Cielo Talent

Recruiter
Novitex Enterprise Solutions

Recruiter
Bristol-Myers Squibb

Recruiter
Comcast

Recruiter
John Crane

Randall Deutscher II
View

Senior Talent Engagement Specialist
Merrill Lynch

Business Development Representative
Frantz Group
Responsible for full life-cycle recruiting in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. 

Enterprise accountability for roles in our Enterprise organization.

•Supports recruitment strategies for job openings up to the manager level for client .
•Proven track record of handling multiple relationships, processes and outcomes.
•Manage all aspects of the recruiting life-cycle process.
•Typically handles 15+ assignments simultaneously; with a goal of 100+ placements per year.
•Oversees the hiring process to ensure adherence with all equal employment opportunity (EEO) legislation, the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP), the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), and other government regulations.
Responsible for the full, life cycle Recruiting process for my candidates. 

Duties will consist primarily of utilizing various sourcing methods (to ensure the candidate pool is being filled from various resources/niche job boards, etc), qualifying/disqualifying candidates, interviewing them -- in addition to running a Social Media aspect to the Recruiting process which will enhance the quality candidate pool and keeping up the current trends in Full Cycle Recruiting -- and, hence, utilizing them.
Full Cycle Technical Recruiter: 

Recruited for various clients, with an emphasis on Sales
and Engineering positions. I sourced, put together campaigns, newsletters, utilized
various Social Media channels to engage candidates.

Had a direct engagement with prospective candidates. I was the go-to person from the beginning with sourcing and cold calling, to qualifying/disqualifying candidates and then interviewing
them for our clients.

I also had Social Media administrative rights to contribute to the STS Technical Services Linked In Page, Facebook official page, and Google +. 

I can also create banners/graphics using Canva along with e-mail merges/brochures/newsletters using MailChimp to reach hard-to-find candidates for high caliber requisitions. 

Our metrics were determined by submitting quality candidates, interviewing them, passing them along and carrying them through the entire on-boarding process.
All of my clients I recruited for and job duties listed below:
I am the primary Recruiter for a wide variety of requisitions in multiple industries. It is my role to keep a steady relationship with fellow recruiters, engage in an initial job scope conversation which will entail what each position requires, source the proper requisitions to find the proper candidate, and then screen each candidate -- and pass along the qualified candidates in hopes to fill up each position/requisition with the most qualified applicant.
I am the primary Recruiter and Lead Sourcer for health care requisitions, including such positions in the Health Care and Medical industry. It is my role to keep a steady relationship with fellow recruiters, engage in an initial job scope conversation which will entail what each position requires, source the proper requisitions to find the proper candidate, and then screen each candidate -- and pass along the qualified candidates in hopes to fill up each position/requisition with the most qualified applicant.

My specialty, along with full cycle recruiting, is sourcing the right candidates, both passive and active. This includes working with Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) such as Taleo (roughly 2 years of vast experience), SAP, and the newly launched Success Factors/My Recruit in which Comcast Corporate launched. My level of sourcing is certified Advanced Sourcing, which includes deep Boolean searches/sourcing, X-ray Searching, Deep Web Searches, plus many more in which I can elaborate upon
I am the primary Recruiter for the National Engineering & Technology requisitions, including such positions in the Infrastructure & Operations field and Comcast Master Control. It is my role to keep a steady relationship with fellow recruiters, engage in an initial job scope conversation which will entail what each position requires, source the proper requisitions to find the proper candidate, and then screen each candidate -- and pass along the qualified candidates in hopes to fill up each position/requisition with the most qualified applicant.
Source and locate the top talent and match the right candidate with their respective role. It was my role to not only source them, but to cold call and interview prospective candidates to decide whether or not he or she would be a strong fit for the position.
As a Senior Talent Engagement Specialist, it was my prime duty to effectively pursue and contact passive and active candidates and engage them in Merrill Lynch's "Practice Management Development" program.

I began focusing exclusively on the sourcing aspect of recruiting. My sourcing skills allow me the ability to identify potential strong candidates before deciding to reach out and recruit the prospective candidates. This lead to putting a larger emphasis on cold calling and scheduling the right candidate for the program. Through sourcing and pre-screening the candidates I've sourced, I am able to make sure my clients gets to meet the most qualified candidates available.

Utilzing my skills in cold calling and building rapport, I helped effectively build relationships with candidates and determine whether or not he or she was the correct fit for the respective program. Once engaging theses candidates, I would schedule and conduct a preliminary phone conversation, probing the right information through thought provoking and open ended questions. During these conversations, I would determine the strength of their skill set and make my own decision whether to put them through the process, to meet the client's needs.
•	Worked on multiple campaigns (IBM’s Data Security, Disaster Recovery, JP Morgan, Verizon, etc.). 
•	These campaigns included a variety of marketing communication vehicles such as direct mail, email, advertising, events, etc.
•	Responsible for following up on these via inbound and outbound telephone activity – contacting Manager, Director, VP, and C-level business contacts.
•	Effectively cultivated relationships with these executives to provide further information about our clients’ solutions and ask intelligent questions to determine if the prospect is actively engaged in a related technology search.
