Debbie Korber
Corporate Senior Recruiter at JLL
Greater Chicago Area
Over 14 years of full cycle recruiting with exceptional success in finding quality candidates in a timely manner.Valued as a business partner to hiring managers at every level.Instrumental in reducing cost per hire.Strong interpersonal relationship building skills.Successful in both corporate and agency full cycle recruiting.High energy, passionate, highly organized with desirable people skills.

Goal is to be among the best in my field of expertise and continue to grow.Specialties:Managing a heavy requisition load along with strong relationship building skills.ATS: Jobvite, PeopleFilter,Ulti Pro,Salesforce, People Soft and Brassring, Linkedin,Dice. All job boards,ICSC, direct recruiting,job fair and college recruiting.

Senior Corporate Recruiter
JLL

Sr.Recruiter for the Deutsche Bank account New York location.
Advantage xPO

Sr.Recruiter
Futurestep, A Korn/Ferry Company

Senior Corporate Recruiter
Grainger

Senior Recruiter
Korn/Ferry International

Sr. Recruiter
Allstate

Sr. Recruiter
NorthShore University HealthSystem

Sr. Corporate Recruiter
Hospira

Corporate Recruiter
General Growth Properties

Kim Fuhrman
View

Jackie Abbott, SPHR
View

Sr.Corporate Recruiter
General Growth Properties

Corporate Recruiter
Empire Today

Account Executive
AppleOne

Sr Staffing Specialist
AccuQuote
Owner
Dynamic Employement Business Staffing
Full cycle recruiting for the commercial real estate industry.
Full cycle recruiting for high level finance and accounting positions in the banking industry.
Full cycle recruiting currently working on the Century Link account.
Full cycle recruiting for the commercial sales division of Grainger.
Full cycle recruiting for the Otsuka Pharmaceutical sales expansion.
Full cycle recruiting for permanent full time employees nationwide.
Full cycle recruiting, and compensation analysis for all corporate openings both internal and external.
Hospira, Inc. is the world’s leading provider of injectable drugs and infusion technologies. Through its broad, integrated portfolio, Hospira is uniquely positioned to Advance Wellness™ by improving patient and caregiver safety while reducing healthcare costs. The company is headquartered in Lake Forest, Ill., and has approximately 15,000 employees.
Specialties

specialty pharmaceuticals, medical devices


Full cycle recruiting for sales,marketing, clinical nurses, legal, and product managers throughout the USA.
General Growth Properties has been in the shopping center business for over 50 years blending innovation,tradition and reputation to create some of the countries top shopping centers.

As the Corporate Recruiter I am dedicated to finding top talent for our Chicago, and nationwide retail real estate properties including:llinois Water Tower Place, Northbrook Court,Oak Brook Center, Las Vegas Fashion Show Mall, Grand Canal Shops,Meadows Mall, California Glendale Galleria and Fallbrook Center are just a few of our beautiful properties.
Corporate Recruiter (full-time contract) August 2011- March 2012
General Growth Properties 
Chicago, IL

General Growth Properties is the second largest real estate investment trust in the United States. Successfully recruited for and filled over 37 different open requisitions in a seven month period of time with minimal assistance from outside agencies
	Recruited administrative level through director level candidates for both internal and external placement
	Substantially reduced cost-per-hire using streamlined recruiting methods
	Developed trusting relationships with hiring managers and V.P. level hiring managers 
	Managed the full cycle recruiting process on-site and off-site
	Consistently filled GGP’s nationwide positions in a timely manner
	Respectfully controlled hiring managers calendars to ensure a smooth interview process
	Initiated meetings with hiring managers to strategize and fully understand their departments, business, and hiring needs
	Managed applicant tracking system to ensure accurate reporting metrics
	Presented and negotiated offers to candidates
	Managed job board postings and negotiated contracts with vendors
	Managed outside staffing agency candidate flow
	Examples of positions filled: Sr. General Counsel, Director of Interactive Marketing, Crystal Report Writer, Site Planner, Project Manager Infrastructure, Strategic Partnership Representative, Tenant Coordinator, Sr. Application Developer, Sr. Staff Accountant, A/R Monitoring Analyst, Director of Leasing, Marketing Manager, Sr. Administrative Assistant, Sr. Infrastructure Engineer, Operations Manager, Sr. Associate General Manager, Common Area Coordinator
Full cycle recruiting for our corporate office in addition to Empire's nationwide markets.My focus is to provide top quality internal, and external candidates to the hiring managers.
As an Account Executive I am responsible for establishing new accounts and maintaining client relationships.In addition I identify and recruit qualified candidates for a variety of companies and positions for direct hire, contract, and temporary openings.AppleOne has been in business since 1946 and continues to grow their many divisions.
Sr Staffing Specialist responsible for recruiting the entire administrative staff.Responsibe for implementing new processes to acheive a more efficient work flow. Attending job fairs,creating job postings,maintaining the JOBVITE Applicant Tracking System.Maintaining the company applicant testing system.
As the owner I was responsible for business development ,and full cycle recruiting in a variety of industries.
