Business System Analyst - HR
Spectraforce Technologies
Torrance, CA, US
Listing Info Title: Business System Analyst - HRDuration- 7 months (With Extension)Location- Torrance, CA, 90501Responsibilities:    Through keen understanding of Agile Scrum practices and simple to complex application logic provide written recommendations on how to apply various technology solutions to HR needs in alignment with HR’s technology strategy.   Develop proof of concept and ad hoc tools using SalesForce.com development platforms.   Ensure data quality and data adherence to HR data standards in all aspects of work.   Work in conjunction with HR team to identify and work efficiently through intersection points.   Product Owner for Salesforce platforms   Facilitate business process scenarios at the detailed process level to identify optimal work processes (process reengineering).   Act as a virtual SME for HR functional areas by translating business needs into technology solutions.   Support and guide business requirements development to ensure accurate representation of business needs and outcomes from both a process and data perspective. Document requirements.   Manage and prioritize platform backlog and support scrum activities as appropriate.   Negotiate and navigate stakeholders to lock-in requirements and make timely decisions.   Perform break/fix and new development as needed.   Manage platform updates (communication; system changes; etc)   Platform management   Fulfill security requests as applicable.   Fully document administrative processes.   Ad-hoc report writing.   Appropriately engage key stakeholders regarding system changes.   Work with AMS (Application as a Managed Service) team to ensure work is completed to spec.  RequirementsMain/ Must Have Experience:   4-5 years of general Human Resource administration experience   3-4 years of Salesforce experience   Experience with being a “Product Owner” in an Agile/Scrum environment.  Other Experience:   BA (MBA preferred)   1+ years of application configuration management   1 - 2 years relational database design & development experience required (Object-oriented database experience highly preferred)   Experience working in an Agile Scrum environment (business + technology development, not just IT development scrum)   Beginner-Moderate Salesforce administration experience preferred   Strong aptitude to understand problems and turn them into technology solutions   Strong troubleshooting, debugging and technical support skills and the ability to quickly identify a root cause for application issues   Excellent communications skills and customer service attitude required   Ability to imagine, socialize and implement a better way preferred
