Payroll/HR Supervisor Needed~Growing Company!
Robert Half Finance and Accounting
Newton, KS, US
Ref ID: 02380-116327Classification: Accounts Payable Supervisor/MgrCompensation: $40,000.00 to $45,000.00 per yearRobert Half's growing client is seeking a Payroll/HR Supervisor in Newton, KS! This Payroll/HR Supervisor needs to be able to do time tracking, job tracking, data entry, paychecks, taxes & benefits. The Payroll/HR Supervisor needs to possess confidentiality and be able to flow with a non-traditional company. The Payroll/HR Supervisor needs to posses an accounting background, adaptable to change and touch skin. TO be considered for the Payroll/HR Supervisor role with this great company, please contact Shannon Komen, Recruiting Manager for Robert Half Direct Hire, 913-451-1733 and email your resume to shannon.komen@roberthalf.com Requirements: Accounting background, degree not required. 2+ years experience Excel/QuickBooks Tough Skin-can tell someone no Confidentiality Keep up with a changing culture.Robert Half Finance & Accounting is the world's leader in specialized financial staffing. We provide exciting full-time opportunities in the areas of accounting, bookkeeping, finance, audit, taxation and more. We pioneered the professional staffing industry, and we've been successfully matching professionals with employers since 1948. Our proven proprietary processes, along with our relationships in more than 340 locations worldwide, allow us to provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities.But don't take our word for it. Our company once again was named to FORTUNE® magazine's list of "World's Most Admired Companies." (March 1, 2015), and 9 out of 10 of our clients and candidates would recommend our service to a colleague.Apply for this job now or contact our nearest office at 1.800.474.4253 for additional information.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/VetBy clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use
