Entry Level HR Generalist with Payroll experience
Robert Half Finance and Accounting
Bethesda, MD, US
Ref ID: 04530-9816363Classification: Benefits AdministratorCompensation: DOEAre you currently seeking a great opportunity as a HR generalist in a fast paced environment? Are you familiar with the Payroll process? If so, a growing company in the DC Metro area is looking for you. The ideal candidate will be responsible for (but not limited to) recruiting, on-boarding, training/development, employee relations, benefits and payroll. Interested candidates may send their resume to Irene Clarke, Robert Half Recruiting Manager, at Irene.Clarke@RobertHalf.com, or call me directly at 703-760-7662. If you are currently working with another Robert Half Representative, please contact them regarding this opportunity. Interested Entry Level candidates applying for this position should have: 1)1 to 2 years of HR experience -including a demonstrated ability to manage sensitive and confidential matters 2) Bachelors in related field 3) Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications 4) Payroll experience using either ADP or Paychex -including experience with payroll tax. This is a great opportunity to grow with a dynamic company in the field of HR and put your talent to the test! Interested candidates may send their resume to Irene Clarke, Robert Half Recruiting Manager, at Irene.Clarke@RobertHalf.com, or call me directly at 703-760-7662. If you are currently working with another Robert Half Representative, please contact them regarding this opportunity.Robert Half Finance & Accounting is the world's leader in specialized financial staffing. We provide exciting full-time opportunities in the areas of accounting, bookkeeping, finance, audit, taxation and more. We pioneered the professional staffing industry, and we've been successfully matching professionals with employers since 1948. Our proven proprietary processes, along with our relationships in more than 340 locations worldwide, allow us to provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities.But don't take our word for it. Our company once again was named to FORTUNE® magazine's list of "World's Most Admired Companies." (March 1, 2015), and 9 out of 10 of our clients and candidates would recommend our service to a colleague.Apply for this job now or contact our nearest office at 1.800.474.4253 for additional information.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/VetBy clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use
