HR/Payroll Manager
Robert Half Finance and Accounting
Bethesda, MD, US
Ref ID: 04540-119020Classification: Payroll ClerkCompensation: $60,000.00 to $70,000.00 per yearHR/Payroll Manager -JM To $70,000 plus free healthcare and other benefits! My client is a successful healthcare company with a successful track record. They are looking to hire a HR/Payroll Manager to report to the CFO covering the following main duties: Talent Acquisition, including identification of sourcing strategies, screening of candidates, coordinating the panel interview process and approving job offers Managing Employee Review and Compensation Planning Maintain up to date and train employees on OSHA laws and regulations Responsible for weekly payroll processing by entering employee data changes and reviewing time and attendance data Responsible for administration of the Human Resource Information System (HRIS); ensure integrity of employee data Perform benefit administration Administer FMLA, disability and leaves of absences Assist with corporate wellness programs and other employee activities Identify and resolve compensation matters Maintain compliance with state and federal government regulations Administer various human resources programs and procedures; assist in development and implementation of policies and procedures Recommend new approaches, policies, and procedures to effect continual improvements in efficiency of department and services performed For more information on this and other full time accounting and finance opportunities across the DC metro area, please contact Justin Marcus Division Director at Robert Half International on email in the strictest confidence to justin.marcus@roberthalf.com. For more information on this and other full time accounting and finance opportunities across the DC metro area, please contact Justin Marcus Division Director at Robert Half International on email in the strictest confidence to justin.marcus@roberthalf.com. To be considered for this great opportunity you should ideally possess a Bachelors degree with minimum of four (4) years relevant HR and Payroll experience.Robert Half Finance & Accounting is the world's leader in specialized financial staffing. We provide exciting full-time opportunities in the areas of accounting, bookkeeping, finance, audit, taxation and more. We pioneered the professional staffing industry, and we've been successfully matching professionals with employers since 1948. Our proven proprietary processes, along with our relationships in more than 340 locations worldwide, allow us to provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities.But don't take our word for it. Our company once again was named to FORTUNE® magazine's list of "World's Most Admired Companies." (March 1, 2015), and 9 out of 10 of our clients and candidates would recommend our service to a colleague.Apply for this job now or contact our nearest office at 1.800.474.4253 for additional information.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/VetBy clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use
