UI Developer
Visionary Integration Professionals
Johnston, IA
Visionary Integration Professionals (VIP) empowers client success through the delivery of technology solutions, management consulting services, and integrated learning. VIP Performance Delivery Solutions® help clients strengthen business and mission outcomes and drive operational effectiveness by merging the right strategy, people, and processes with forward-thinking technologies. VIP has the mature infrastructure and proven processes of a large business, combined with the agility and attention to detail often provided by small companies. This unique position allows VIP to provide world class yet customized solutions that meet clients' individual needs. Since 1996, VIP has delivered measurable results for over 1,000 federal, state and local, and commercial organizations. VIP has offices across the U.S., including its corporate headquarters in Reston, VA. For more information please visit www.trustvip.com .Responsibilities:We would like to engage 2 individuals with strong experience, knowledge and aptitude in software development to work on critical strategic projects. Strong quality resources or junior level with strong technical aptitude are needed to participate on a SCRUM team to contribute to the design, develop, and implement services, data structures, processes, web site and applications that will support critical, strategic sales force and customer facing applications. A portion of this work will require interfacing both personally and technically with other SCRUM teams, third parties and other systems, receiving technical guidance, direction, and collaboration from those resources.Additional Duties and Responsibilities: Other duties as assigned Qualifications:More than 4 years of software development experience requiredMinimum 2 years of RESTful Web API experienceHTML5/CSS3AngularJSGrunt/Gulp bundling, minification, transformation, compressionJavaScript support librariesExperience with SQLServer, stored procedures, SQL tuningAutomated testing, Unit, Integration, E2EStrong written and verbal communication skillsPreferred Qualifications:Source Code Repositories: TFS, SVNPython development experienceC# .Net development experienceCloud computing Azure/AWSDevelopment in a Linux environment Applied GIS Experience (ESRI, Leaflet, Bing Map, WKT, GEOJSON, GEOSpatial datasets)Experience with Agile / Scrum MethodologiesExperience working with PostgreSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, and/or MySQL Experience with large, complex relational databases and query optimizationExperience with Jenkins build serversBackground or interest in biology or agricultureEEO Statement:Equal Opportunity Employer: Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled/Gender Identity/Sexual OrientationBy submitting your Profile on LinkedIn for this job you are indicating your interest to work at Visionary Integration Professionals® (VIP); you are not submitting an application for employment. Your information will be sent to our recruitment team for review. A formal application is required to be considered for employment.
